TO:      developers@toolsforhumanity.com
SUBJECT: Re: Selfie Check (Beta) flag - app_e179f4985c290220a5598b841fd5e3da - ETHOnline submission Sat 13th

---

Hi,

Following up on a request sent 2 September. We're submitting to the World Selfie Check
track at ETHOnline and the deadline is Saturday 13th, so I wanted to check this is in
the right queue rather than assume.

  app_id:  app_e179f4985c290220a5598b841fd5e3da
  rp_id:   rp_4d44df4ba311add1
  action:  proctor-witness-approval
  contact: capinho77@gmail.com

The ask is just the Selfie Check (Beta) feature flag on that app. Separately, the iOS
Sandbox enrolment for the same address is still pending in the Portal panel.


WHAT WE BUILT

Proctor is a human-oversight gate for AI agents. An agent hits a policy threshold and is
stopped by an HTTP 402. It pays to open a decision. A human who is NOT the operator of
that agent approves or refuses within 60 seconds, and the default is refuse.

The part that needs Selfie Check: the decision hash is passed as the World `signal`, so
the liveness proof is bound to that one decision and cannot be replayed against another.
Without that binding, any proof satisfies any decision and the product is a paid captcha.

It is running end to end today on the compatible fallback preset:

  - selfieCheckLegacy is already wired; the preset sits behind one variable
  - we added require_user_presence to the fallback, so it still carries a liveness step
    rather than proving possession of a phone
  - the witness proof is verified server-side against your v4 verify endpoint, so a
    synthetic proof cannot pass - we tried, and it correctly returned
    "World rejected the proof"
  - the witness nullifier is compared against the operator's, which is the evidence that
    two distinct accounts were involved


WHY SELFIE CHECK SPECIFICALLY

We need a stable per-witness pseudonym AND a signal-bound proof at the same time.

Per the 4.0 migration guide, v4 nullifiers are one-time-use, so our operator-independence
comparison is only meaningful on a World ID 3.0 credential - on a v4 uniqueness proof two
proofs from the same account differ and the check passes trivially. Selfie Check is the
only path we found that gives both properties at once, and it needs no prerequisite
credential, which matters because our witnesses are ordinary staff on a rota rather than
crypto users.

We treat it as an abuse-prevention and eligibility signal, not an identity signal, and we
do not claim it proves one-person-one-account. Every record we write states explicitly
whether the independence it carries is cryptographic or a policy property of the rota.


FEEDBACK, WHICH IS ALSO THE TRACK DELIVERABLE

We've kept a dated log throughout and have nineteen reproducible items. Four you may want
regardless of the flag decision:

  1. The docs contradict each other on nullifier stability. idkit/integrate says the same
     person and action "always produces the same nullifier"; 4-0-migration says v4
     nullifiers are one-time-use with session_id as the stable link. That contradiction
     decides whether an integrator's independence check is real or silently false.

  2. deviceLegacy is marked Deprecated with "for new integrations, use Selfie Check
     (Beta)" - but Selfie Check is access-gated. A new integrator with no World contact
     has no non-deprecated path.

  3. The Sandbox Support address in your own docs is undeliverable. sandbox-access.md
     says "Contact Sandbox Support at sandbox.access@toolsforhumanity.org" - that domain
     is unregistered (whois: "Domain not found", no NS, no MX), so mail bounces. It is
     the escalation path offered specifically to developers who were rejected or revoked,
     i.e. the people who cannot self-serve. The company domain is .com. I tried to CC it
     on this email, which is how I found it.

  4. We requested Sandbox access on 2 Sept through the forms.gle form and heard nothing
     for a week. The current documented path is the self-service panel in the Developer
     Portal. The form still accepts submissions and returns a confirmation, so from the
     requester's side a dead request and a queued one look identical.

Happy to send the full log now if it's useful - it's written to your four headings.


I appreciate these requests take time, and I'd rather ask once clearly than chase. If the
flag isn't going to land before Saturday, just saying so is genuinely helpful: we'll ship
on the compatible preset and describe the limitation accurately rather than overstating
what we demonstrated.

Thanks,
<YOUR NAME>
